Updated network policy documentation (#140)
k3s-io/docs: docs/networking/networking.md

K3s includes an embedded network policy controller. The underlying implementation is [kube-router's](https://github.com/cloudnativelabs/kube-router) netpol controller library (no other kube-router functionality is present) and can be found [here](https://github.com/k3s-io/k3s/tree/master/pkg/agent/netpol). 

:::note

> Network policy configurations are not cleaned when K3s is stopped to rightly clean the configured kube-router iptables rules use the `k3s-killall.sh` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Network policy configurations are not cleaned  up when K3s is stopped. To correctly remove the configured kube-router iptables rules use the `k3s-killall.sh` script.
```

To disable it, start each server with the `--disable-network-policy` flag.

:::note

> Network policy configurations are not cleaned up when K3s configuration is changed to disable it. To correctly remove the configured kube-router iptables rules, use the `k3s-killall.sh` script or clean them using `iptables`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Network policy iptables rules are not removed if the K3s configuration is changed to disable the network policy controller. To clean up the kube-router network policy rules after disabling the network policy controller, use the `k3s-killall.sh` script, or clean them using `iptables-save` and `iptables-restore`. These steps must be run manually on all nodes in the cluster.
```
